Use `tox` to build documentation (#7916)
pyvista/pyvista: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Building the Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Documentation can be build either directly (ie. using python commands) or with `tox <https://tox.wiki/en/stable/>`_ such that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation can be build either directly (i.e. using Python commands) or with `tox <https://tox.wiki/en/stable/>`_ such that:
```
